Merge all Public Cloud docs in one file (#48)
epinio/docs: src/installation/install_epinio_on_rancher_desktop.md

```
Previous commands are for Bash, but can be easily adapted for Windows shell.

> If you don't want to use the default "magic" DNS please follow [Install Epinio with custom DNS](install_epinio_customDNS.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not want to use the default "magic" DNS please follow [Install Epinio with custom DNS](install_epinio_customDNS.md).
```
